Chief Kim.
-Hey, beat him.
-It wasn't me.
No! It wasn't me! I didn't know!
I had no idea, you bastard!
How on earth could I know
she was a commie?
Beat him!
-Yes, sir!
-No!
Mr. Nam!
Why are you still calling him that?
The Chief Presidential Secretary
wants to talk to you.
Mr. Kim! This is Nam Tae-il.
The President wants you
to clean up the mess.
This is your last chance.
Thank you!
I swear on my life!
At all costs!
No matter what!
I'll clean it up neatly.
Please tell the President that!
Thank you!
You bastard!
You're nothing but the Chief of the
anti-communist investigation department!
How dare you beat me up,
this country's number two!
Damn it. I'm Nam Tae-il,
the shepherd protecting the President!
How dare you treat me
like a freaking commie!
Where's Choi?
Hui-jun…
Release him right now.
Yes, sir.
DIRECTOR EUN CHANG-SU
Hui-jun.
I'll take Eun down
and make you the director.
Tae-il…
I'll serve you with my life.
This is our last chance.
We must get it done with our lives.
Comrade Kang.
This is great.
We still have 30 minutes left.
According to an official
from the Blue House,
a wiretapping agent at the scene exposed
that Director Eun's daughter
had been actively helping the spies,
and it was the main reason
of Director Eun's dismissal.
Let's hear from Secretary-General Nam
Tae-il who will now lead the task force.
It's very regrettable
that the ANSP director's daughter
has helped the Northern spies.
I promise to completely annihilate them
by the end of today,
so I urge our fellow citizens
not to deceived by false rumors,
and to keep calm and carry on.
Don't let it bother you.
We have nothing to do with them anymore.
I'm sure
Nam Tae-il will try to blow up the dorm
because the hostages know who you are.
I told you, it's not your concern.
I have to go back.
What?
Yeong-ro is in danger.
You'll die if you go.
You will die.
Forget her.
Let's forget everything and leave.